Update data modules with samples in release note (#9701)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

  byte[] hash = crypto:hashKeccak256(data);
  ```

#### `data.csv` package

- Introduced constraint validation support, allowing validation of the output against constraints specified in the target type.
- Introduced support for parsing CSV with union types as expected types.

```ballerina
  import ballerina/data.csv;
  import ballerina/io;

  type Book record {
      string name;
      string author;
      decimal price;
      string publishedDate;
  };

  type BookMinimal record {|
      string name;
      string author;
  |};

  public function main() {
      string csvString = string `name,author,price,publishedDate
                                Effective Java,Joshua Bloch,45.99,2018-01-01
                                Clean Code,Robert C. Martin,37.50,2008-08-01`;

>       // Parse CSV string to a array of records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Parse a string in CSV format as an array of records.
```

      Book[]|csv:Error bookRecords = csv:parseString(csvString);
      io:println(bookRecords);

>       // Parse CSV string to a array of records with data projection.

Reviewer: Change similarly.

>       // Here only the fields specified in the target record type (`name` and `author` fields)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Here, only the fields specified in the target record type (the `name` and `author` fields)  
```

  }
  ```

> #### `data.xmldata` package

Reviewer: Packages are ordered alphabetically, needs to be moved.

- Introduced XML schema definition (XSD) Sequence and Choice support for the `data.xmldata` package.

```ballerina

>   import ballerina/data.xmldata;

Reviewer: Including comparatively longer examples may be inconsistent with the rest of the library section.

  import ballerina/io;

  type Transaction record {|
      @xmldata:Sequence
      TransactionType Transaction;
  |};

  type TransactionType record {|
      @xmldata:SequenceOrder {
          value: 1
      }
      string TransactionID;

      @xmldata:SequenceOrder {
          value: 2
      }
      string SenderAccount;

      @xmldata:SequenceOrder {
          value: 3
      }
      string ReceiverAccount;

> 

Reviewer: Can't we simplify the example?
